How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    as the diff shows only the differences between the two files, it would be much easier to spot the bug than looking at them one by one, line per line

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    By having easy access to the entire history would save my time a lot if I want to search for the old code, if I want to change the old code, or making the old code as a reference, etc. Thus, would make my work more efficent than searching for the code one by one and  I also do not have to worry about the possibility if my previous code is lost.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: The time of commit is up to me. The history will not be too cluttered and easier to understand as I can arrange it depend on my needs.
    Cons: If I forget to commit, the save would be lost and I have to work double to fix that.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    It would probably because one file might be related to the others, such as HTML and CSS.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    by using git log, I can view the entire history of the changes/ commits of the file. By using git diff, I could compare the history of changes between two commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It would be easy to fix it. We just can go back to the previous commit and find the issues. I can also explore many thing without being afraid of breaking something

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here